welcome to draw tip Tuesday no
inspiration take a look at your wardrobe
you may find interesting stuff that you
can draw for example make a fun pattern
of the shoes you have or draw the kind
of shoes that you'd like to have you
could make a pattern of bags coats
accessories you name it take a peek into
your wardrobe and you can get lots of
ideas for a whole series of patterns use
a pencil to draw a thin frame first so
you know where your pattern needs to fit
in now go ahead and draw shoes you can
make the shapes as simple or as
complicated as you want add little
details like stitches or laces and bows
fill the frame completely fitting the
shapes cleverly like pieces of a puzzle
once you filled your frame pick up a
water-resistant pen I'm using this
uniball pen make sure the ink has dried
before erasing the pencil lines get your
watercolors out plus water and a brush
and start coloring no need to stay
perfectly inside of the lines actually
coloring a little sloppy can give a
great and playful effect pick up enough
paint to get vibrant colors make a fun
mix of color layout divide colors evenly
by that I mean don't give to shoes next
to each other the same color try to
bring some balance in it
now dive into your wardrobe and see what
you can draw today thank you for
watching this video if you want to learn
more head on over to my website
coach hakuna dot Annelle and sign up for
one of my classes today
you